# Forage-virtual-experience-
Virtual experience projects on forage.com
1. Text analysis - Text analysis for insights using the customer reviews on https://www.airlinequality.com/airline-reviews/british-airways. This project was performed as a part of the virtual experience programme for British airways. It involves web scrapping, data manipulation and generating insights using word clouds to analyse the top words used in reviews. The purpose behind such an analysis would assist in focussing on areas that is satisfactory according to the customers or areas that need improvement. Using modules such as scikit-learn, matplotlib and BeautifulSoup.
2. Predictive analysis - The customer data given by British Airways is available at BA's job simulation at forage.com. The dataset consists of customer booking data with a high imbalance ratio. This notebook consists of the usage of RandomForest to classify booking prediction in binary classes 0 and 1. By utilising the Random oversampling method the f1-score obtained for the test dataset is 0.15. By iterating over different oversampling strategies, the f1-score differed from the original f1 score by approx. 100%. It is important to note that while building the perfect model is not under the scope of this simulation, by obtaining variables that withdraw the necessary knowledg needed to predict the minority class is imperative.
Additionally, this model proves the chi-squared test by showcasing the importance given to the 'purchase_lead' variable in association to customer bookings. However, the dataset lacks the dexterity of a customer data with the absense of variables such as ticket price and so on, which can be considered as influencing factors to a customer's decision as mentioned above. 
